add note about dbt version in unit test docs (#5489)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

## Before you begin

> - This functionality is only supported in dbt versions 1.8 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This functionality is only supported in dbt Core v1.8+ or dbt Cloud accounts that have opted to ["Keep on latest version"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version).
```
